Raise error on unpermitted open redirects. (#41134)
rails/rails: actionpack/CHANGELOG.md

*   Raise error on unpermitted open redirects.

    Add `fallback_location` and `allow_other_host` options to `redirect_to`.

>     Opt into this behaviour with `ActionController::Base.raise_on_open_redirects = false`.

Reviewer: Unless I'm reading the code wrong, this should either say

```suggestion
    Opt in to this behaviour with `ActionController::Base.raise_on_open_redirects = true`.
```

or

```suggestion
    Opt out of this behaviour with `ActionController::Base.raise_on_open_redirects = false`.
```

Author: 🤦 I updated the property name but not the value. Thanks!
